---
description: >-
  Begun as a study of adults who want to regain their happiness, and initially
  incorporated in 2014, The GrownUp Project was founded to assist adults with
  career change by providing a network of coaches and professional support. We
  provide assistance and resources to clients and their families while they
  execute a career change in pursuit of their dreams. Our mission extends to
  showing school children and college students that there is a wider breadth of
  career opportunities out there than may be traditionally taught in school, by
  bringing in speakers who are successful industry professionals in out-of-the
  box careers.
dateModified: '2016-08-19T23:04:12.106Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-19T23:05:43.474Z'
title: About Us
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-19-about-us.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# About Us

Begun as a study of adults who want to regain their happiness, and initially incorporated in 2014, The GrownUp Project was founded to assist adults with career change by providing a network of coaches and professional support. We provide assistance and resources to clients and their families while they execute a career change in pursuit of their dreams. Our mission extends to showing school children and college students that there is a wider breadth of career opportunities out there than may be traditionally taught in school, by bringing in speakers who are successful industry professionals in out-of-the box careers.

The mission of The GrownUp Project photographic series is to compare childhood dreams and present-day realities, by presenting subjects who appear as they'd once imagined themselves against the background of their modern lives.

I've worked in entertainment production since 1999\. For the last ten years, I spent over 300 days a year on the road for my job, which I loved, but in 2012 I started to think that maybe I didn't love it so much anymore. Ok, I thought, I'll take a break, and I did. I took the winter off, came home, worked out, made new friends, cooked real food, made plans and actually kept them. It was kind of amazing, but I was quickly burning through my savings. Work. Right, work. I needed to work. Mine wasn't exactly the type of job I could do at home, and there wasn't a local market or a need for my accidentally specialized skill set. I had no idea what to do. So I did what any logical person would do; I went to Africa to volunteer as a teacher.

I wouldn't trade that experience for anything, but it wasn't a solution, and I knew it. One afternoon, while I was washing my clothes in a bucket, my phone rang. It was a long-time industry friend and coworker, and he asked me if I'd be interested in coming back to work. Maybe it was the giant spider I'd just seen. Maybe it was how sick I was getting of living off peanut butter and apples, or maybe it was just that I was sick of being broke that made me open to the possibility. I didn't agree to come back that day, but I did agree to return to the States to discuss it further, and eventually, I returned to work. Going back to my old job turned to be exactly what I needed to realize that, although I loved the people I worked with, the places it had taken me, and the opportunities it had afforded me, it was definitely time for a change.

The following winter, while home for holidays, I was sitting at a bar with my partner, who also works in entertainment production. He was thrilled about the yearly opportunity he has to lecture at a local college, and that elation motivated me to ask him, "What did you want to be when you grew up?" "A teacher," he said, without hesitation.

I looked back down at my drink, and an image formed in my mind. It was of him, in a corduroy jacket, with patches on the elbows, standing at a podium and giving a lecture, surrounded by the bustle of a production load in. I smiled, and told him I wanted to photograph him in that scene. I added that I wanted to do more of those shots -- find out what people thought they wanted to become when they "grew up," and compare those dreams to their contemporary realities. I told him that I wanted to call it "The GrownUp Project." He wasn't a fan of the name, but its simplicity resonated with me.

I registered TheGrownUpProject.org that night, and it was all I could think about. I realized quickly that I had no intention of stopping at photographs. Why aren't people doing what they thought they wanted to do? Are they happier now with their choices? Do they have regrets? If money was no object, would they drop everything and pursue their dreams? What would it take? Why aren't there any resources for adults who want to change their lives?

I left my career on the road in March of 2015, and since then, I've been trying like hell to figure out how I can make this happen. I want to help people like me transition from the life they know but doesn't make them happy anymore, to the life they dream about.

I want to erase the stigma of a "mid-life crisis." One of the definitions of "crisis" is "a time when a difficult or important decision must be made." So a crisis, by definition, does not have be a disaster. Even if a decision is important and difficult to make, with the availability of the proper resources and advice, this "crisis" could be the opportunity so many adults need to change their lives for the better.

The GrownUp Project will not only include financial planners and advisors, but life coaches, family therapists, accountants, and lawyers all dedicated to helping clients and their loved ones navigate the waters of serious and deliberate change. Equally as important, I don't want to charge our clients a dime. Why, in this time of emotional and financial uncertainty would I want to add another bill to the pile? This however, means that The GrownUp Project will have to be funded solely by donations, and that's the really hard part. How do I convince people to donate money to help complete strangers pursue their dreams?

There should be a place anyone can go when faced with the frightening prospect of a major career change. A place full of experts to assist with informed decision making. A supportive place. A place of hope. A place of honesty. I want to make that place, but I can't do it alone.

If any of this has spoken to you, please reach out to me at [bianca@thegrownupproject.org][0]. I'm starting a nonprofit; I need all the help I can get.

Sincerely,  
Bianca  
Founder, The GrownUp Project

[0]: http://mailto:bianca@thegrownupproject.org/